.de Sh \" Subsection heading
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.    \" fudge factors for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.    ds #H 0
.    ds #V .8m
.    ds #F .3m
.    ds #[ \f1
.    ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.    ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.    ds #V .6m
.    ds #F 0
.    ds #[ \&
.    ds #] \&
.\}
.    \" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.    ds ' \&
.    ds ` \&
.    ds ^ \&
.    ds , \&
.    ds ~ ~
.    ds /
.\}
.if t \{\
.    ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.    ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.\}
.    \" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.    \" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.    \" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.    ds : e
.    ds 8 ss
.    ds o a
.    ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.    ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.    ds th \o'bp'
.    ds Th \o'LP'
.    ds ae ae
.    ds Ae AE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.IX Title "cgSetBufferData 3"
.TH cgSetBufferData 3 "Cg Toolkit 3.0" "perl v5.10.0" "Cg Core Runtime API"
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
\&\fBcgSetBufferData\fR \- resize and completely update a buffer object
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 1
\&  #include <Cg/cg.h>
\&
\&  void cgSetBufferData( CGbuffer buffer,
\&                        int size,
\&                        const void * data );
.Ve
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.IX Header "PARAMETERS"
.IP "buffer" 8
.IX Item "buffer"
The buffer which will be updated.
.IP "size" 8
.IX Item "size"
Specifies a new size for the buffer object. Zero for size means use
the existing size of the buffer as the effective size.
.IP "data" 8
.IX Item "data"
Pointer to the data to copy into the buffer. The number of bytes to
copy is determined by the size parameter.
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
.IX Header "RETURN VALUES"
None.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBcgSetBufferData\fR resizes and completely updates an existing buffer object.
.PP
A buffer which has been mapped into an applications address space with
cgMapBuffer must be unmapped using cgUnmapBuffer
before it can be updated with \fBcgSetBufferData\fR.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IX Header "EXAMPLES"
cgSetBufferData( myBuffer, sizeof( myData ), myData );
.SH "ERRORS"
.IX Header "ERRORS"
\&\fB\s-1CG_INVALID_BUFFER_HANDLE_ERROR\s0\fR is generated if \fBbuffer\fR is not a valid buffer.
.PP
\&\fB\s-1CG_BUFFER_UPDATE_NOT_ALLOWED_ERROR\s0\fR is generated if \fBbuffer\fR is currently mapped.
.SH "HISTORY"
.IX Header "HISTORY"
\&\fBcgSetBufferData\fR was introduced in Cg 2.0.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
cgCreateBuffer,
cgGLCreateBuffer,
cgSetBufferSubData,
cgMapBuffer,
cgUnmapBuffer
